mother of god
[Music]
welcome to story flicks in this video we
will explain a comedy drama film about a
husband afraid of his wife
norbert is a middle-aged man trapped in
a romantic relationship with respusha
a cruel and creepy obese woman meanwhile
secretly
norbert is still in love with his
childhood friend kate
can orbit get out of his misery of
living with respusha and unite with kate
let's find out together in orbit
norbert's story begins when someone
throws a pile of objects in front of
golden wanton
a restaurant an orphanage on the edge of
town the following day
mr wong the orphanage owner found that
it was a black baby boy
although he thought the baby was the
ugliest baby in the world mr wong still
took it and took care of it
that baby is norbit lil norbert lived
happily with the other orphans in the
orphanage
meanwhile mr wong is an old man who
always wished he could sail and catch
whales
that's why he likes to play throwing
spears at the imitation whale behind
which the orphanage children are holding
mr wong may have a psychopathic soul at
the orphanage
norbert has a very close friend named
kate norbert and kate play together
every day
they even like to poop together one day
the two had a fake wedding under a tree
by exchanging candy rings
norbert had never felt his life more
beautiful than that day
but norbert's happy days had to end when
kate was adopted and taken away from the
orphanage
for the first time norbert felt sad
again at the loss of his only and
dearest friend
since then norbert has had no friends
and makes himself constantly bullied by
other kids
one day a black girl who had a fat body
came and saved him
the girl's name was respusha rispusha is
a girl who is fierce and feared
when she announced that norbert was her
girlfriend no one else dared to bully
norbit
rispusha has three older brothers named
jack blue and earl who are also very
rude and scary
the lottimores were known to be the most
feared thugs in town
her brothers like to blackmail people as
an adult norbert worked as a bookkeeping
admin at the lottie moore business until
finally
norbit was trapped and had to marry her
fuchsia the marriage looks terrible
because only respecial looks happy
while it's the beginning of a nightmare
for an orbit jack even repeatedly
threatened if norbit hurt rispusha then
he would be killed by her brothers
after returning from her wedding
rispusha behaved like a typical bride
but who could lift such a big woman not
only that the next night seemed like a
nightmare for norbert
he had to serve respusha who seemed so
full of passion
raspuccia is also known to be terrible
to her neighbors when she saw her
neighbor's dog passing by her yard
rasputia immediately got angry and
threatened to shoot
the dog rispusha's large body made it
difficult for her to enter their small
car
her boobs even touched the car horn
meanwhile porn orbit is the victim of
respecia's curse every day
the story shifts to a wanton restaurant
owned by norbit's adoptive father
there rispush's three brothers were
negotiating to buy the restaurant
they want to turn it into a brothel but
mr wong wouldn't take it for granted and
threatened to throw spears at them
the lottie moore brothers ran away
rispusha spends her time having fun
one of which is by participating in
gymnastics with buster
rispuccio often teases buster and asks
for a private class with him
one afternoon norbit buying bbq me to
the shop
met pope sweet jesus and lord have mercy
two men who were always dressed neatly
these two men used to work as pimps but
have converted and opened many
businesses
after buying food norbit decided to go
home early and how shocked he was when
he found respusha and buster alone in
their room
raspuccia who was clearly having an
affair with the buster in their room
was even more fierce when confronted by
norbit that's when the angry norbit
immediately called rosbucia a prostitute
sure enough his words immediately woke
up king kong who immediately jazzed
after him
after a chase scene that caused a ride
in the streets norbert finally managed
to escape
disappointed he took off his wedding
ring and threw it in the trash
that night in orbit decided to go to mr
wong's orphanage and put on a puppet
show to entertain the orphans
unexpectedly norbit a beautiful woman
enters and it turns out to be kate
his childhood friend norbit was so happy
to finally see kate again
kate told him that she had just sold her
clothing business in atlanta
and intended to buy mr wong's orphanage
to care for orphans there kate finally
invited norbert to lunch together on
tuesday and it became one of the most
beautiful invitations in norbert's life
every day norbert always waits for
tuesday even he doesn't care anymore
when buster comes and teaches fuchsia
mattress gymnastics
the tuesday he had been waiting for a
ride when entering the restaurant
norbert did not expect that kate brought
her fiance
dean norbit who saw kate and dean's
affection was so sad and disappointed
the following days norbert lived in
disappointment and had to suffer serving
respiration's root attitude
at that time respiration intentionally
hit their neighbor's dog
the incident made norbert realize that
his wife was a monster
finally norbert decided to run away from
home rispusha tried to threaten
orbit but he didn't care until respusha
said she was currently pregnant
they took norbit by surprise and kept
him from leaving even though it was just
her species gibberish
one weekend there was a carnival in the
city kate and her fiance were there and
it was apparent d and didn't like
children at all
that's what made him ask kate to
consider buying mr wong's orphanage
dean got a call and he immediately
avoided kate at that time
norbert overheard him busy calling
someone norbert then met kate who then
told her that
in fact he was married and his wife also
came to the carnival
that was the first time rasputia met
kate and as usual respusha was very rude
to kate
when kate left respusha immediately
accused norbert of having an affair
when raspucia said that she wasn't
actually pregnant and orbit was so
disappointed to hear that
he left an anger for being lied to kate
then met the three lottie moore brothers
and said that she needed the renovation
services of mr wong's orphanage
the three latimore brothers were so
surprised to hear that because they
tried to buy it but mr wong sold it to
kate
norbert who was asked by rosbucia to get
her some wine was invited by kate to
dance
when rosbucia saw her husband and kate
having fun dancing a blaze of anger
ignited within her
with one big speaker tossed at him
norbed immediately fell unconscious
norbit then had to be taken to the
hospital kate comes to visit her and
asks norbert to be her partner in
developing the orphanage
because kate knows norbert loves
children kate also invited norbert to go
with her to take the orphans to the
swimming pool
the three lottie moore brothers who came
to dean were told that he was going to
run away from kate
because he didn't want to take care of
the orphans the three lady moore
brothers had the idea that dean would
soon marry kate so that the orphanage
would be his too
later dean could become their business
partner and develop a brothel
dean then begins to seduce kate to marry
him on saturday
of course kate agreed meanwhile norbert
has plans of his own
silently he sent letters letters that
will expose someone's lies
swimming day arrived and norbit came
with respusha who was wearing a minimal
pink swimming suit
rasputia who was very big had a hard
time getting into the park until she
broke the swimming pool gate
it was at the pool that kate said she
was getting married this saturday
her words really shocked norbit and
broke his heart
there is a slide that is so high in the
pool and kate is happy to try it but
when rescue realizes that norbert is
amazed when she sees kate's lighting she
doesn't want to lose
rasputia decided to go sliding which was
the worst idea ever
and sure enough rispusha shot up like a
rocket and destroyed the swimming pool's
parapet
raspuccia even landed in the children's
pool and drained all the water there
the next day arrives and norbert gets a
call from kate asking him to meet her in
the middle of town
it turns out that kate has a gift for
him a bicycle
kate then taught an orbit to ride a bike
day by day norbit
and kate often met more and often
practiced bicycles and even picnics
together
the two of them grew closer and closer
after practicing cycling
kate asked norbert to accompany her to
find catering for her wedding
and norbit agreed meanwhile dean who met
the three lady moore brothers
was told the alcohol distribution
license would not be approved if
ownership changed
so they need kate's signature on a
letter
finally dean realized that they could
use norbit
the afternoon before norbert met kate
the three lottie moore brothers asked
norbit to give kate the letter to sign
norbit who was too excited to meet kate
didn't realize that it was all a trap
norbit was so nervous about meeting kate
but pope sweet jesus and lord have mercy
thought
that the meeting was a date invitation
from kate then the two start dressing
orbit to make him shine in front of kate
dress dapper like pope sweet jesus and
lord have mercy nor but then buys a
bouquet of flowers
and is ready to meet kate norbert and
kate then meet at a restaurant owned by
giovanni
after chatting and drinking a lot
norbert finally admitted that his
marriage to respucia was a big mistake
norbit who was engrossed in talking then
gave kate a letter from the three lottie
moore brothers
because she trusts norbit kate signed
the letter respusha who was told that
norbit was dating kate was furious and
immediately became jealous
she decided to confront the two
meanwhile at a church
norbert and kate are checking
preparations for the wedding the priest
there asked if kate already knew what to
say of the blessing
but kate was still confused norbert
decides to help kate and pretends to be
a dean
so she can practice surprisingly norbit
actually confessed his feelings to kate
and the two of them unknowingly kissed
respusha saw their kissing
causing an accident thanks to her
enormous boobs she was okay
and survived the accident overwhelmed by
anger respusha immediately took iron and
searched for norbert's whereabouts
luckily both norbert and kate had left
the church norbert tried to apologize to
kate for kissing her but kate's words
were beyond expectation
kate subconsciously wanted to kiss
norbert too so do they both have the
same feeling
norbit who was so happy to hear kate's
words came home
he was then stopped by the three lottie
moore brothers who asked for a letter
signed by kate
they warned that norbert's life will not
be long while leaving
sure enough respusha was waiting for an
orbit in the house and norbert was
beaten
and thrown out of the house respiration
then threatens if norbert meets kate
again
she will make kate's life miserable by
ruining her face
norbert is then locked up by respusha in
the basement of their house and forced
to clean up
then kate came because she was told by
dean that she had just signed an alcohol
license renewal
norbit who saw kate coming was so afraid
respusha would ruin her face
so he tried to push kate away because
kate didn't go either norbert had to say
he didn't care about kate at all
kate who was hurt by norbert's words
left crying and asked norbit
not to talk to her again norbit who
could not stand to live with respusha
decided to run away
that night when he was about to leave he
met mr wong who gave him support to face
all his problems
mr wong also said that the post arrived
late on friday
so norbit who checked his mailbox did
not expect to receive a reply from the
letter he had sent a few days ago
norba tried to tell kate some
information but kate who was already
disappointed with him wouldn't pick up
norbert's phone
that's when the three lattimore brothers
came and said they would turn the
orphanage into a strip club
similar to cinderella norbert is locked
in the basement of his house until dean
and kate's wedding is over
kate and dean's wedding day arrived kate
didn't really want to marry dean but she
couldn't back down anymore
meanwhile norbert who was confined in
the basement of his house
finally decided to call some people
before he managed to escape by
outwitting earl
by riding a bicycle he finally went to
church mr wong
who realized that norbert was heading to
the church asked pope sweet jesus and
lord have mercy to buy time
pope's weak jesus and lord have mercy
clearly know how to ruin someone else's
marriage
the two then started talking nonsense
and buying time for an orbit
to arrive at the church norbit who was
on his way to church
was intercepted by respusha and her
brothers luckily norbit was able to
separate himself
even though he was thrown into a pond
when the wedding was about to be held
again
norbert arrived in front of everyone in
the church norbert said that he loved
kate which immediately angered respusha
so for the first time norbert decided to
stand up for himself
norbert said that he loved kate very
much and his life was a mess
because he chose to live with respusha
norbert confirmed that he was no longer
respicious slave
norbert also said that dean was a con
man who wanted kate's money by marrying
her
besides for the past six years dean has
married four other women
and left them all moreover dean
conspired with fizzy lady more to get
the orphanage
when asked to prove norbit showed dean's
marriage certificate but unfortunately
the letter was wet and could not be read
it made no one believe him when it was
in the corner and kate
who no longer believed in him norbit
said he had called dean's wives to come
sure enough when the side door of the
church opened his wife and children came
and started to beat dean but the
lottimore brothers had run out of
patience and begin to beat norbit
the frightened orbit ran out of the
church but was caught by jack
the people of the town had run out of
patience at having been blackmailed by
the lottie moore brothers
the people started to get bold and
immediately teamed up to beat the lottie
moore brothers
but no one could stand against respusha
because she was so big
until mr wong emerged from the church
armed with a spear to catch whales
mr wong could finally fulfill his wish
to catch a whale
with one throw mr wong's spear hit
refuses ass which made her run away so
fast
all the townspeople then chased the
lottimore brothers and drove them out of
the town
kate ran to orbit and apologized for
doubting him they kissed and took them
both to their wedding ceremony to be
precise
under the tree beside the orphanage the
place where the two had pretended to be
married when they were little
the scene then continues to mexico city
where the lottie moore brothers are now
working in a club and serving customers
there rispusha worked as a large strip
to stancer
you